docs: Update documentation (#1)
webdriverio/recorder-extension: Readme.md

# WebdriverIO Recorder Extension

> The WebdriverIO Recorder Extension allows you to record and export tests directly from the Chrome DevTools [Recorder Panel](https://goo.gle/devtools-recorder). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WebdriverIO Recorder Extension allows you to record and export tests directly from the Chrome DevTools [Recorder Panel](https://goo.gle/devtools-recorder).
```

![Demo](.github/assets/demo.png)

# How to install and use it

> Below are som quick step to help you get started. See [Record and export tests as WebdriverIO script](https://webdriver.io/docs/record) for the full documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some quick steps to help you get started. See [Record and export tests as WebdriverIO script](https://webdriver.io/docs/record) for the full documentation.
```
